Send SessionRecords to correct location (#15937)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/core/Azure.Core.TestFramework/README.md

## Recording

> When tests are run in recording mode, session records are saved to the project directory manually in a folder named 'Session Records'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When tests are run in recording mode, session records are saved to the project directory manually in a folder named 'SessionRecords'.
```
